Address 90: Clarify resilience options (#114)
suit-wg/manifest-spec: draft-ietf-suit-manifest.md

The manifest processor must be resilient to these faults. In order to enable this resilience, systems implementing the manifest processor MUST make the following guarantees:

Either:
One of:
1. A fallback/recovery image is provided so that a disrupted system can apply the SUIT Manifest again.

> 2. Manifests are constructed so that repeated partial invocations of any manifest sequence always results in a correct system configuration.

Reviewer: Is (2) essentially saying that the author needs to construct the manifest in such a case that the operations can be repeated without causing an incorrect system state? That is possible in some configurations but certainly not in all.

> 3. A journal of manifest operations is stored in nonvolatile memory so that a repeated invocation does not alter nonvolatile memory up until the point of the previous failure. The journal enables the parser to recreate the processor state just prior to the disruption. This journal can be, for example, a SUIT Report. This report can be used to resume processing of the manifest from the point of failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. A journal of manifest operations is stored in nonvolatile memory. The journal enables the parser to re-create the state just prior to the disruption. This journal can, for example, be a SUIT Report or a journaling file system (for use on higher-end IoT systems).
```
